Add new README.md (#1732)
terramate-io/terramate: README.md

  <a href="https://github.com/terramate-io/terramate/actions?query=branch%3Amain"><img src="https://github.com/terramate-io/terramate/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg" alt="Terramate CI Status" /></a>
  <a href="https://terramate.io/discord" rel="nofollow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1088753599951151154?label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white" alt="Discord Server"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://terramate.io/docs/cli/getting-started">🚀 Getting Started</a> | <a href="https://terramate.io/docs/cli">📖 Documentation</a> |  <a href="https://play.terramate.io">💻 Playground</a>
   <!-- | <a href="https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/terramate" title="Terramate Job Board">🙌 Join Us</a> -->
</p>

<br>
<br>

## What is Terramate CLI?

Terramate CLI is an open-source Infrastructure as Code (IaC) code generation and orchestration tool for Terraform,
OpenTofu and Terragrunt. With Terramate, you can:

(a) **Simplify complex codebases** to make your work more productive and reliable. Break down large state files with
stacks to reduce run-time and blast radius and keep them DRY with native code generation.

> (b) **Automate and orchestrate Terraform, OpenTofu and Terragrunt in any CI/CD** using Pull Request automation, GitOps

Reviewer: Should this be the first item? It seems like more of a tangible outcome than simplifying codebases, which is more of a perk.

go install github.com/terramate-io/terramate/cmd/...@latest
```

For other installation methods, please see the [documentation](https://terramate.io/docs/cli/installation).

## Getting Started

The fastest way to get started with Terramate is our [getting started guide](https://terramate.io/docs/cli/getting-started/).

> ## Why simply complex codebases?

Reviewer: Love that you cut out the part about stacks. Stacks are an important concept, but they're an implementation detail.

As Terraform and OpenTofu offer no standard pattern on how to organize code efficiently, projects quickly sprawl out of
control. The consequences are ***code complexity***, ***long-running pipelines***, ***poor governance***,
***drifts***, and ***high blast radius***.

Terramate CLI enables a new approach to eliminating the root cause of these consequences: using a modular and efficient
approach called Terramate Stacks. A stack is a combination of infrastructure code, state and configuration, which can be
nested to split state further.

Organisationally, a stack is a way to establish an ownership model. By consistently sizing stacks into isolated units

> that your team members can quickly understand, assuming ownership of your infra becomes a lot simpler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that your team members can quickly understand, taking control of your infra becomes a lot simpler.
```
?

Terramate CLI supports Terraform, OpenTofu and Terragrunt, and can be run locally as well as in your existing VCS
(Github, Gitlab) CI/CD.

Terramate CLI is designed to work especially well with [Terramate Cloud](https://cloud.terramate.io), which provides

> an IaC management layer and offers a generous free tier. 

Reviewer: This doesn't sound obviously great. Maybe we can list some of the benefits of the cloud here? I understand we want to keep it subtle.
